The task is to create a REST API server that returns information for certain Ethereum transactions identified by their transaction hashes. I have created docker compose file which runs an sql init script to generate the database, the command for that is "docker-compose up". The reason to set the fields in the table to "bytea" instead of "text" is because PostgreSQL doesn't support storing NULL (\0x00) characters in text fields, "bytea" field - should store anything you want. To run the project first you need to start the application so "go run main.go" , then in Postman you can send the following GET request "http://127.0.0.1:5434/lime/all" or "http://127.0.0.1:5434/lime/eth/?:rlphex=f90110b842307839623266366133633265316165643263636366393262613636366332326430353361643064386135646137616131666435343737646364363537376234353234b842307835613537653330353163623932653264343832353135623037653762336431383531373232613734363534363537626436346131346333396361336639636632b842307837316239653262343464343034393863303861363239383866616337373664306561633062356239363133633337663966366639613462383838613862303537b842307863356639366266316235346433333134343235643233373962643737643765643465363434663763366538343961373438333230323862333238643464373938". I set the settings of Postman to Settings->Proxy->Add a custom proxy configuration and Proxy server to 127.0.0.1:8080. Proxy type for http and https is also selected. You also need to run docker-compose up to generate the postgres database. I added mock tests. Also added interfaces.
At the main.go I am filling the database(loader.LoadTransactions()) with with the transactions and afterwards start the server so it can listen to requests (controller.HandleRequests()). The database connection and creation of the logger are init funcs so we can prepare them before everything else. Models package is used to store the main struct. From controller I call the service layer which is writing the response. From service package I make a call to the repository layer which gets the transactions from the database via sql requests. I was not sure how to convert RLP to transaction hash and the whole idea behind how to select transactions by it. So I just get the transations from the database and convert their hash to RLP and make the selection in this way. 